You gotta be kidding me.
We're just the adopted bastards.
Show up!
Not this time, you wouldn't be my master,
so how could I play ahadow?
Handsome unpunished, in a
What...
Hello, teacher.
My teacher has something to tell you.
I'm sorry to bother you.
Hello.
I'm from your neighborhood.
I'm Tsugomu.
Hello.
I'm sorry to bother you.
I'm sorry.
I thought you were a family.
But I'm sorry.
My old friend...
He's a actor.
He's a good man.
He's been using the money he earned for three years.
I'm sorry to bother you.
But I'd like to ask you to do it tonight.
Please don't worry.
I'm not worried.
I'm not afraid of the other day.
I have enough experience.
I'm sorry.
You can wear a kimono, but you can't wear a kimono.
You have to be polite.
I'm sorry, teacher.
I have a lot to say.
I'm sorry.
You shouldn't call him a teacher.
You should call him a Chikuwan.
And then you should call him a Teda-ne.
You should call him a love-struck Teda-ne.
Then you should put your blue hand in your sleeve.
And then you should say,
Mr. Kogoro, please help me.
Chiyuko, look at me.
You are so scary.
As the teacher said,
you should talk to him.
If you talk to him, he will be angry.
You should just say,
Mr. Kogoro, please help me.
Go away.
Don't be angry.
I won't be angry for a few days.
Go away.